---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-ffe890389b3c4737b11e256e2fc38482.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-ffe890389b3c4737b11e256e2fc38482.html"
title: "How to Download Autodesk Software | Individual Installation"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "beautifulsoup_table_fallback"
raw_char_count: 127526
cleaned_char_count: 2331
---

# How to Download Autodesk Software | Individual Installation

# Download methods

Select the download method that's right for your installation.

You choose a method from the Products and Services section of [Autodesk Account](https://manage.autodesk.com/) .

In the product tile, you see the method currently selected and can view all the methods available to you for this product. For some products and platforms, Download is the only available method.

Download methods :

- Install: This method, for installing Autodesk products on a single computer , downloads and installs in one operation. By default, this method will also install the latest product updates.

- Download: This method can be used to install any product release on single or multiple computers . It downloads in the first step and then installs in the second, so you can wait between download and installation. As with the Install method, the Download method will also install the latest product updates.

- Custom install: This method, provided by the Custom Install tool under Products and Services in Autodesk Account, allows you to install products with custom settings on single computers or create custom deployments to multiple computers . You select products and specify installation settings in Autodesk Account before you download. For more, see [Custom install from Autodesk Account](https://www.autodesk.com/support/download-install/individuals/configure-install/install-your-product#title-e0e3f21c53) .

The following table summarizes the characteristics of the four download methods and indicates the appropriate methods for educational usage.

| Column 1 | Column 2 | Column 3 | Column 4 | Column 5 | Column 6 |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Method | For multiple computers? | Operating system | Description | Includes product updates? | Educational usage |
| Install | No | Windows | Downloads and installs in one operation | Yes | Students and educators |
| Download | Yes | Linux, macOS and Windows | Uses browser download features Uses Autodesk Create installer for most 2022 and later Windows products | Yes | Students, educators, and institutions |
| Custom install | Yes | Windows | Downloads customized installer for multiple products | No | N/A |

Note: Be sure to disable pop-up blockers before using any of these methods.
