---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-f575416b6cc6437fa09e23aad2f4a884.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-f575416b6cc6437fa09e23aad2f4a884.html"
title: "Autodesk Subscription Renewal | Subscription And License Renewal | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
document_language: "en"
document_language_name: "English"
document_language_confidence: 1.0
heading_count: 1
subheading_count: 0
headings: "h1: Autodesk Subscription Renewal | Subscription And License Renewal | Autodesk"
subheadings: ""
raw_char_count: 220989
cleaned_char_count: 1690
tfidf_keyword_count: 12
tfidf_keywords: "subscription | trademarks | 3-year subscription | time notice | reserves | reserves right | reseller | names | notice | subject | 3-year | renewal"
---

# Autodesk Subscription Renewal | Subscription And License Renewal | Autodesk

Customers can subscribe to a new 3-year subscription or renew an expiring 3-year subscription and save.

Savings effective February 1, 2020 in US, Canada and Latin America.

Available from participating resellers and Autodesk Stores only. Reseller prices may vary. Please consult your local Autodesk reseller for further details.

AUTODESK RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL, SUSPEND OR MODIFY PART OF OR THIS ENTIRE PROMOTION AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE, FOR ANY REASON IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION. PRICES FOR AUTODESK SOFTWARE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE.

All subscription benefits may not be available for all products or services in all languages and/or geographies. Subscription programs are subject to the applicable [Autodesk subscription terms and conditions](http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/index?id=7942019&siteID=123112) and/or [Autodesk Terms of Service](http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/index?siteID=123112&id=17752585).

Autodesk, the Autodesk logo, AutoCAD LT, 3ds Max, AutoCAD, BIM 360, Civil 3D, Fusion 360, Infraworks, Inventor, Maya, Maya LT, Moldflow, MotionBuilder, Mudbox, Navisworks, ReCap Pro, Revit, Revit LT, Robot, Showcase, Sketchbook, and VRED are registered trademarks or trademarks of Autodesk, Inc., and/or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates in the USA and/or other countries. All other brand names, product names, or trademarks belong to their respective holders. Autodesk reserves the right to alter product and services offerings, and specifications and pricing at any time without notice, and is not responsible for typographical or graphical errors that may appear in this document.
