---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-380f9f4f8ef34126bfa053bfe2d572f8.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-380f9f4f8ef34126bfa053bfe2d572f8.html"
title: "Autodesk AutoCAD 2024 | Get Prices & Subscribe To AutoCAD Software"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 501188
cleaned_char_count: 8176
---

# Autodesk AutoCAD 2024 | Get Prices & Subscribe To AutoCAD Software

Power your teams’ creativity with the automation, collaboration, and machine-learning features of AutoCAD® software. Architects, engineers, and construction professionals use AutoCAD to:

**Design and annotate** 2D geometry and 3D models with solids, surfaces, and mesh objects

**Automate tasks** such as comparing drawings, replacing blocks, counting objects, creating schedules, and more

**Create a customized workspace** to maximize productivity with add-on apps and APIs

Complete your projects faster with AutoCAD’s automations and customizations.

Share and annotate drawings safely and securely across desktop, web, or mobile devices.

Only Autodesk has TrustedDWG® technology to ensure fidelity and compatibility for your DWGs.

Across seven studies, customers **increased productivity by 63%** on average for tasks completed using a specialized toolset in AutoCAD.*

*Productivity data based on a series of studies commissioned by Autodesk to an outside consultant. The seven toolset studies compared basic AutoCAD to the specialized toolsets within AutoCAD when performing tasks commonly done by experienced AutoCAD users. Overall productivity gain calculation based on adding the completion times of specific tasks in the toolset and also in basic AutoCAD and then calculating the percent difference between the two totals across seven studies. As with all performance tests, results may vary based on machine, operating system, filters, and even source material. While every effort has been made to make the tests as fair and objective as possible, your results may differ. Product information and specifications are subject to change without notice. Autodesk provides this information “as is,” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.*

The newest update in Autodesk AutoCAD increases collaboration and provides insights and automation designed to accelerate your work.

Enjoy a connected design experience with Autodesk AutoCAD across devices. Create, view, edit, and annotate drawings with [AutoCAD on mobile](/products/autocad-web/overview) or on any computer using [AutoCAD on the web](/products/autocad-web/overview).

Complete your work more quickly. Gain access to thousands of parts and additional features with industry-specific toolsets, APIs to automate common processes, and 1,000+ third-party apps.

PRODUCT NEWS

AutoCAD 2024.1 and AutoCAD LT 2024.1 are now available, and with it we’ve made some important updates you’ll want to be sure to check out.

LEARNING

The AutoPublish feature can be used to automatically publish the layouts in your current drawing to a PDF or DWF file when the drawing is saved or closed.

CUSTOMER SPOTLIGHT

With AutoCAD, Bridges to Prosperity designs cost-efficient, long-lasting trail bridges that connect residents to education, healthcare, and economic opportunities.

AutoCAD is computer-aided design (CAD) software that is used for precise 2D and 3D drafting, design, and modeling with solids, surfaces, mesh objects, documentation features, and more. It includes features to automate tasks and increase productivity such as comparing drawings, counting, adding objects, and creating tables. It also comes with seven industry-specific toolsets for electrical design, plant design, architecture layout drawings, mechanical design, 3D mapping, adding scanned images, and converting raster images. AutoCAD enables users to create, edit, and annotate drawings via desktop, web, and mobile devices.

Autodesk AutoCAD is used by students, architects, designers, engineers, project managers, real estate developers, and construction professionals to create precise 2D and 3D drawings.

AutoCAD LT is powerful 2D CAD software used for precision drafting and documentation. AutoCAD includes all the features of AutoCAD LT, plus additional features to benefit productivity such as 3D modeling and automation of repetitive processes. AutoCAD also lets you customize the user interface with APIs and add-on apps. With AutoCAD, users are able work more efficiently with seven industry-specific toolsets to enhance automation and productivity for tasks in architecture, mechanical design, electrical design, plant design, plumbing, converting raster images, geographic information systems, and 3D mapping.

Autodesk AutoCAD can run on Microsoft® Windows®, Apple® macOS®, and Linux®. [See AutoCAD system requirements](https://www.autodesk.com/support/technical/article/caas/sfdcarticles/sfdcarticles/System-requirements-for-AutoCAD-2024-including-Specialized-Toolsets.html) for details.
Every Autodesk AutoCAD subscription includes AutoCAD on the web and mobile. AutoCAD on mobile can run on iOS, Android, and Windows. [See AutoCAD on mobile system requirements](https://www.autodesk.com/support/technical/article/caas/sfdcarticles/sfdcarticles/System-requirements-for-AutoCAD-mobile.html) for version details. Autodesk AutoCAD on the web is supported by 64-bit Google Chrome, 64-bit Mozilla Firefox, and 64-bit Microsoft Edge on Windows or Mac. [See AutoCAD on web system requirements](https://help.autodesk.com/view/ACADWEB/ENU/?guid=AutoCAD_Web_Help_FAQs_html) for version details.

Yes. Students and educators can get free one-year educational access to Autodesk products and services, renewable for as long as you remain eligible. [Learn more](/education/edu-software/overview).

[for individuals](https://www.autodesk.com/support/download-install/individuals) and [administrators](https://www.autodesk.com/support/download-install/admins). Your available downloads appear in [Autodesk Account](https://manage.autodesk.com/products). Find your product, select a version, platform, language, and download method. For more information, visit the [Autodesk Knowledge Network](https://www.autodesk.com/support/download-install/individuals/download/where-to-download-products-and-updates).

Your AutoCAD subscription gives you access to install and use the three previous versions of AutoCAD. Available downloads are listed in your [Autodesk Account](http://profile.autodesk.com/) after subscribing. See also [previous releases available for subscribers](https://www.autodesk.com/support/account/manage/versions/previous-versions).

With a subscription to Autodesk AutoCAD software, you can install it on up to three computers or other devices. However, only the named user can sign in and use that software on a single computer at any given time. Please refer to the [Software License Agreement](/company/terms-of-use/en/general-terms) for more information.

Launch your trial software and click Subscribe Now on the trial screen or buy AutoCAD [here](#buy). When buying your subscription, enter the same email address and password combination you used to sign in to your trial. Learn more about [converting a trial to a paid subscription](https://www.autodesk.com/support/download-install/individuals/manage/convert-a-trial-to-a-subscription).

The price of an annual AutoCAD subscription is and the price of a monthly AutoCAD subscription is . The price of a 3-year AutoCAD subscription is . If you have infrequent users and are interested in a pay-as-you-go option, please visit [www.autodesk.com/flex](/benefits/flex) to learn more.

AutoCAD can run on Apple® macOS® and Microsoft® Windows®. AutoCAD for macOS runs natively on Apple silicon. It supports the M-series chips including M1 and M2. [See AutoCAD system requirements](https://www.autodesk.com/support/download-install/individuals/manage/convert-a-trial-to-a-subscription) for more details.

Subscribe and save on industry-leading CAD and BIM tools

The AEC Collection provides designers, engineers, and contractors a set of BIM and CAD tools supported by a cloud-based common data environment that facilitates project delivery from early-stage design through to construction.

Integrated workflows from design to construction in the AEC Collection (video: 3:42 min.)

Use a combination of AutoCAD and Revit to deliver accurate documentation for any project (video: 1:21 min.).

AutoCAD

AutoCAD LT

APIs and automation

Architecture design

Collaboration

Cloud and mobility
