---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-6219e703797740059a6e1f747c98163a.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-6219e703797740059a6e1f747c98163a.html"
title: "Autodesk Alias | 2024, 2023 Features | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 262588
cleaned_char_count: 9630
---

# Autodesk Alias | 2024, 2023 Features | Autodesk

Bring your concepts to life with subdivisional modeling, tailored for product design

Fine-tune your technical surfaces to the highest quality levels inclusive of construction history

Build surfaces from scanned or mesh data automatically

Quickly create production-quality, repeatable patterns with user-friendly, algorithm-based design

Immersive conceptual design with curve, surface, and subdivisional modeling tools

Cross-team and -department assembly modeling uses the reference manager to quickly update design changes

Seamless integration with VRED and ShotGrid for enhanced design collaboration

Check out the latest features and workflows of Alias

NEW

New user experience

Alias 2024 includes a modernized user interface, while maintaining the familiar Alias tools and DNA (video: 2:24 min.)

NEW

Markup and animation editors

Improve collaboration and review with intuitive markup and animation editors. (video: 1:27 min.)

ENHANCED

Surface modifier tools

Easily control objects on curves with the feature modifier. Smooth curved surfaces quickly and easily with the accelerated surface function. (video: 2:30 min.)

NEW

Subdivisional modeling workflows

Alias 2023 provides more SubD automation with the reform function, and a unique way to transition creases. Reform gives you the power to take any scanned mesh data and convert it to a SubD model for faster roundtrip design iteration. (video: 1:47 min.)

ENHANCED

Accelerate your design process

Accelerate your design process with multiple enhancements in the latest version of Alias, including a new reworked round tool. (video: 54 sec.)

Class-A enhancements

SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Create shareable presets for tools and parametric capabilities. (video: 1:42 min.)

Sharing and reuse of design data

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Custom-built feature sets and Dynamo scripts aid in creating libraries and templates for use by your whole team. (video: 1:31 min.)

Workflow and process improvements

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Improved workflow and user experience, including faster SubD modeling and new Dynamo scripts. (video: 3:22 min.)

Subdivision modeling improvements

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO SubD modeling improvements included diagnostic shade, specific menus, and a shelf for the SubD workflow. (video: 1:18 min.)

Alias Create VR with SubD

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO SubD modeling in your VR workflow represents another step forward in Alias Create VR. (video: 1:13 min.)

Dynamo player

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO New interactive UI to work with and modify Dynamo scripts. Improve speed of design automation. (video: 1:47 min.)

Improved design efficiency

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO This update includes enhancements to the tool finder, variant lister, and freeform blend tool. (video: 1:19 min.)

Alias assemblies workflow

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Additional enhancements to reference workflows, including a true assemblies workflow. (video: 1:07 min.)

SubD ReTopo tool

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Generate subdivision topology by placing CVs and building SubDs on a reference mesh or NURBS geometry. (video: 1:04 min.)

SubD user profile

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Subdivision modeling workflow includes a customized SubD Marking menu and dedicated SubD shelf set. (video: 2:18 min.)

Dynamo drag and drop

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Save Import Dynamo sample file locations so that you can drag and drop scripts to a shelf.

Selection sets

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Create, modify, and select objects and components using selection sets.

History visualizer

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Get a new way of visualizing the flow of construction history in your Alias files.

Surface fillet

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO G2 curvature/Arc creates a fillet that has curvature lead-in and maintains a more arc-shaped section.

Proportional Crown

SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO This capability has been added to Skin, Surface Fillet, Multi-Surface Draft, and Free Form Blend.

Dynamo Wheel Arch script

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Quickly create wheel arches using a Dynamo sample file, saving you time when building a new vehicle concept model.

Transform tool

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO Modify components such as CVs, hulls, and edges. Transform entities without moving off the selected plane.

SubD Align to Curve

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO New options allow for better control over how subdivision CVs align to curves and surface boundaries.

Visual Clip

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO A visual clipping plane tool now exists in Alias Concept for quick visual sectioning and clip of geometry.

Anti-aliasing

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO A supersampling option increases the anti-alias quality by a factor of 4, resulting in a quality of up to 64x.

Replace shader by name

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO You can now replace shaders by name when you import Alias supported geometry with shader assignments.

Create VR

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO An immersive conceptual design tool that lets designers explore form in 3D using simple curve and surface tools.

SubD and Dynamo tutorials

CONCEPT, SURFACE, AUTOSTUDIO SubD and Dynamo tutorials and exercises for Alias, including example files and three special Alias 2021 scripts.

Sketching and illustration tools

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO Draw and edit with integrated tools. Capture lines, circles, and ellipses with predictive strokes. (video: 2:43 min.)

Flexible product modeling

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Fast, repeatable, curve-based modeling tools let you directly edit and sculpt 3D models. (video: 2:32 min.)

Fast concept modeling

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO Get a complete concept model workflow, from sketch to final concept model. (video: 3:03 min.)

Photoshop live link

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Sketches from Photoshop can be linked to Alias. Changes to sketches are dynamically updated in Alias.

Dynamic shape modeling

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Quickly manipulate your product model and explore shape variations on 3D forms without rebuilding geometry.

3D sculpting

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE 3D sculpt surfaces by directly adjusting surface control vertices. Use curve-based tools, direct modeling, and more.

Deck seam

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Use the deck seam (similar to a flat fell seam) to create a deck shape and stitch along an edge or curved surface. (video: 3:31 min.)

Precise surface creation

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Use tools that help you create mathematical shapes. Control pitch with the Revolve tool, and more. (video: 1:26 min.)

Multiblend tool

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Use the Multiblend tool to easily generate nice-looking, hard-to-build surfaces and make smooth transitions between surfaces. (video: 4:28 min.)

Light ray effects and reflections

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Study your surfaces in a virtual lighting studio with the Light Tunnel tool.

Computational design

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Quickly generate complex repeatable patterns, and enable rapid design iterations and exploration.

Automatic arrays of shapes

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Simplify uniform and nonuniform objects using arrays. Create arrays of lines and surfaces in 2D and 3D.

New subdivision modeling tools

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Take concept modeling to a new level with the strengths of adaptive subdivision controls combined with native NURBS surface technology in Alias. (video: 3:45 min.)

Global refit

AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Refit your digital model to the changed physical model. (video: 1:24 min.)

Improved surface from mesh tool

AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Create a surface on mesh with one of three surface types. Update original data with scanned clay data. (video: 2:01 min.)

Precision surface modeling

AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Create Class-A surfaces with speed and control.

Surface creation and editing

AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Perform multiple operations with a single, automated tool.

Predictive control

AUTOSTUDIO Get more predictable results with new tools such as Freeform Curve Blend and View Flip.

Multicurve profile input

AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Profile tools provide an advanced way to work with surfaces, such as rotating a profile to a target surface.

Intelligent form factor capability

AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Define ratios with Form Factor tools.

Mesh selection techniques

AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Use an expanded mesh selection toolset.

Offset tool

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Maintain offset CV layout quality to enable a semiautomated, time-saving workflow.

Save file author options

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Save the file author information under the save information section when saving or exporting a file.

File > Share view

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Disable the share view option using an environment variable.

Virtual reality with Alias

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Enhance design reviews with virtual reality. Explore your design to scale using an HMD in VR.

Interactive product visualization

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Evaluate design options with real-time visualizations. Use shading models, apply color, add texture, and more.

Convenient data exchange

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Share industrial design data with mechanical design and CAD software, including Inventor, CATIA, and SOLIDWORKS.

VRED compatibility

AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Quickly convert Alias files to VRED software for 3D visualization.

Switch between shading assignments

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Easily switch between color combinations.

Variant configuration sets

CONCEPT, AUTOSTUDIO, SURFACE Capture your current view to return to it easily.
