---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-a5834fcb70ae4621bbdb63c87a1062ed.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-a5834fcb70ae4621bbdb63c87a1062ed.html"
title: "Install Autodesk Licensing Software | Administrator Installation"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 130493
cleaned_char_count: 3407
---

# Install Autodesk Licensing Software | Administrator Installation

Download and install the most recent version of Autodesk Network License Manager (NLM) for your OS. Install NLM on each server that you plan to use for setting up your license server. Be sure to check the [NLM system requirements](/support/download-install/admins/create-deployments/network-license-manager-system-requirements).

## Windows server

### Install NLM

- Download
[NLM for Windows](https://www.autodesk.com/support/technical/article/caas/tsarticles/ts/EB0JPJWkEgBXjZRPBONh1.html). - Double-click the downloaded file to start the installation wizard.
- Follow the onscreen instructions. See the accompanying readme file for full installation instructions.

**Note:** By default, NLM tools are installed in *C:\Autodesk\Network License Manager*.

### Uninstall NLM

- From the Start menu, find the LMTOOLS utility.
- In LMTOOLS, click the Start/Stop/Reread tab, and then click Stop Server.
- Close LMTOOLS.
- In the Windows Control Panel, locate Autodesk Network License Manager in the list of programs and uninstall it by clicking Remove or Uninstall.
- If prompted, restart your computer.
- Manually delete files that you created for use with Network License Manager, such as log files, license files, and the options file. You can find these files in
*C:\Autodesk\Network License Manager*.

## macOS server

### Install NLM

- Download
[NLM for macOS](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/search-result/caas/downloads/content/autodesk-network-license-manager-for-mac-os-x.html). - Navigate to the
*NetworkLicenseManager*folder on your installer or your installation media. - If you downloaded an installer, double-click the NLM DMG file in your Downloads folder.
- Double-click the NLM package icon.
- Click Continue to begin the installation and follow the instructions to install the NLM tools. Be sure to install in a folder on a local device.
- Click Close when you see the Install Succeeded message.

**Note:** By default, NLM tools are installed in */usr/local/flexnetserver.*

### Uninstall NLM

- Stop the license server before you uninstall NLM.
- Delete the following folder:
*/usr/local/flexnetserver/*Deleting this folder removes the main license server tools and the configuration scripts for setting up the license server.

## Linux server

### Install NLM

- Download
[NLM for Linux](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/search-result/caas/downloads/content/autodesk-network-license-manager-for-linux.html). - Open a shell as a superuser (using
**su**). - Extract the NLM package from the compressed file that you downloaded or navigate to the
*NetworkLicenseManager*directory on your product installation media. - Enter the following command, where # is the package number:
**rpm -ivh adlmflexnetserver-#.rpm**

**Note:** By default, NLM tools are installed in */opt/flexnetserver*<.

### Uninstall NLM

- Stop the license server before you uninstall NLM.
- Open a shell as a superuser.
- Enter the following command to verify the package number of the Network License Manager software that you installed:
**rpm -qa | grep adlm** - Enter the following command to uninstall the Network License Manager package, where # is the package number:
**rpm -e adlmflexnetserver-#.rpm** - If you edited your
*rc.local*file to configure your license server (for example, to start lmgrd), remove those commands from the*rc.local*file.
