---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-1ef3f280205f4715b5a67b626d49df00.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-1ef3f280205f4715b5a67b626d49df00.html"
title: "Autodesk Education | Admins and Institutions | Assign Access"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
document_language: "en"
document_language_name: "English"
document_language_confidence: 1.0
heading_count: 5
subheading_count: 4
headings: "h1: Autodesk Education | Admins and Institutions | Assign Access | h2: Create an account and confirm your eligibility | h2: Access the products you need | h2: Add students to your account and assign them to products | h2: Notify your students"
subheadings: "Create an account and confirm your eligibility | Access the products you need | Add students to your account and assign them to products | Notify your students"
raw_char_count: 86062
cleaned_char_count: 4533
tfidf_keyword_count: 12
tfidf_keywords: "students | assign | account | class | group | products | eligibility | email | assigned | assign products | education | single-user"
---

# Autodesk Education | Admins and Institutions | Assign Access

If you are an educator who [qualifies](/support/account/education/students-educators/eligibility) for the [Autodesk Education plan](/support/account/education/students-educators/overview), you can assign Autodesk products to your students. You can access 125 single-user subscriptions of each product available from the Autodesk Education Community site. In addition, students assigned to a product can install it on up to three devices.

Assigning products in this way allows students to skip the confirmation of eligibility process. However, students are tied to your eligibility, and they lose access to products if your eligibility expires.

## Create an account and confirm your eligibility

If you're new to Autodesk, create an Autodesk account to use products under the Education plan. If you already have an Autodesk account, simply sign into your account on the [Get Products page](/education/edu-software/overview) and skip to Confirm eligibility for students and educators.

- Go to autodesk.com/eligibility to create an education account and confirm your eligibility.
- View the “How it works” video on that page for a full description of the process.
- Click Get Started.
- Follow the on-screen instructions to enter basic information about your school and yourself.
- Once your account information is submitted, you'll receive an email to verify your email address. Click the link in the email to activate your account.

## Access the products you need

- Sign in to the
[Get Products page](/education/edu-software/overview)and select the Class/Lab tab. - Select Education Single-User Subscriptions and click Accept. You are only required to make this selection the first time you open the Class/Lab tab. Note: This is a one-time selection; you cannot switch to a network license later. If you need both single-user subscriptions and a network license, an admin should create a separate account to access network products.
- Click Activate Class, then click Confirm in the confirmation window.
- In the confirmation window, select either Get More Products or Assign Users. If you select Assign Users, Autodesk Account opens where you can assign products to students.

## Add students to your account and assign them to products

You can give a student or colleague within your organization secondary admin privileges to help you add and assign students. Assign as many secondary admins as you need. See [User management admin roles](/support/account/admin/users/roles).

- Sign in to the Get Products page at
[autodesk.com/eligibility](/education/edu-software/overview). - Click Manage Users for a selected product. This takes you to
[Autodesk Account](https://manage.autodesk.com), where you will add and assign students and manage your subscriptions. - In Autodesk Account, you can assign students to product subscriptions either as a class or individually. Do one of the following:
- Go to User Management > By Group to set up students in your class as a group and assign products to that group. To create and manage a group, see
[Manage groups](/support/account/admin/users/manage-groups). - Go to User Management > By User to assign students individually or in bulk with a spreadsheet. Click Invite Users, then select Invite Single to add students individually. Or select Import to upload a spreadsheet. See
[Add and remove users](/support/account/admin/users/add-remove-users).

- Go to User Management > By Group to set up students in your class as a group and assign products to that group. To create and manage a group, see

**Note:** When you access a product for a class, you are automatically assigned a single-user subscription for your own use.

## Notify your students

When you assign a student to a product, they automatically receive one or two emails from Autodesk, depending on whether they have an Autodesk Account.

**Students with an Autodesk Account**get one email confirming that they can download the assigned product. This email contains a link to Autodesk Account, where the students sign in using their own email addresses and passwords. After signing in, a student can download software for the product they have been assigned and install it on up to three computers.**Students who don't have an Autodesk Account**get two emails from Autodesk. The first email instructs them on how to create their own Autodesk Account. The second email provides a link to the place in Account where they can download their assigned products.
