---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-e63f04084cea423cbd316cb660380037.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-e63f04084cea423cbd316cb660380037.html"
title: "XLB: A Differentiable Massively Parallel Lattice Boltzmann Library in Python"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 124944
cleaned_char_count: 2231
---

# XLB: A Differentiable Massively Parallel Lattice Boltzmann Library in Python

Abstract

*XLB: A Differentiable Massively Parallel Lattice Boltzmann Library in Python*

Mohammadmehdi Ataei, Hesam Salehipour

The lattice Boltzmann method (LBM) has emerged as a prominent technique for solving fluid dynamics problems due to its algorithmic potential for computational scalability. We introduce XLB library, a Python-based differentiable LBM library based on the JAX platform. The architecture of XLB is predicated upon ensuring accessibility, extensibility, and computational performance, enabling scaling effectively across CPU, TPU, multi-GPU, and distributed multi-GPU or TPU systems. The library can be readily augmented with novel boundary conditions, collision models, or multi-physics simulation capabilities. XLB’s differentiability and data structure is compatible with the extensive JAX-based machine learning ecosystem, enabling it to address physics-based machine learning, optimization, and inverse problems. XLB has been successfully scaled to handle simulations with billions of cells, achieving giga-scale lattice updates per second.

XLB is released under the permissive Apache-2.0 license and is [available on GitHub](https://github.com/Autodesk/XLB).

[Download publication](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2311.16080.pdf)

## Code and Datasets

## Related Resources

2023

Leveraging Graph Neural Networks for Graph Regression and Effective Enumeration Reduction

Graph-based framework represents aspects of optimal thermal management…

2023

SLiMe: Segment Like Me

We explore leveraging extensive vision-language models for segmenting…

2023

What’s In A Name? Evaluating Assembly-Part Semantic Knowledge in Language Models through User-Provided Names in CAD Files

The natural language names designers use in CAD software are a…

2019

Toward a Multi-Level and Multi-Paradigm Platform for Building Occupant Simulation

In recent years, simulation has been used to investigate the mutual…

Get in touch

Something pique your interest? Get in touch if you’d like to learn more about Autodesk Research, our projects, people, and potential collaboration opportunities.

[Contact us](https://research.autodesk.com/careers/)
