---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-17c5a06c2382454cba7f0e546a442bd7.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-17c5a06c2382454cba7f0e546a442bd7.html"
title: "Info360 Asset update: new inspection standards for Australia and improved ArcGIS integration - One Water Blog"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 167806
cleaned_char_count: 7622
---

# Info360 Asset update: new inspection standards for Australia and improved ArcGIS integration - One Water Blog

We’ve made significant enhancements to [Info360 Asset](https://www.autodesk.com/products/info360-asset/overview), including the addition of new inspection standards, improved ArcGIS integration, and the ability to perform risk and rehab for water distribution assets. Let’s dive into the details and explore how they enhance the functionality and user experience of Info360 Asset.

## Australian WSA CCTV inspection standards

Info360 Asset now supports the [WSA 05-2020 Conduit Inspection Reporting Code of Australia Version 4.1](https://www.wsaa.asn.au/shop/product/42576), which enables water authorities, local councils, and their consulting partners to upload pipeline and manhole CCTV inspections and associated media through our dedicated web portal.

The availability of this feature will make it easier for contractors and field crews to upload WSA inspections and associated media, improving efficiency of delivering condition data from the field to the office for review. CCTV contractors in the field can now receive immediate feedback on inspections they have performed via this collaborative workflow, as well as notifications when inspections have been approved, are being reviewed, or have been rejected.

When inspection data and media are uploaded in Info360 Asset, they are associated with the inspected asset, so you can locate the asset and its previous and latest inspections quickly, anytime you need it, either geographically from the thematic network map or directly from the asset inspection and risk tables. The inspection upload and condition assessment process in Info360 Asset ensures a high degree of accuracy and reliability of inspection condition data for downstream use, such as risk and rehabilitation modeling.

## Australian customers: keep your cloud data local

In addition to the support of WSA inspection condition standards in Info360 Asset, we also recently deployed Info360 applications to the AWS data center in Sydney, Australia.

Hosting the application, its services, and data in the AWS Sydney data center means that your data is now stored within Australia, ensuring faster access and improved performance. With reduced latency, you can enjoy an efficient user experience, maximizing productivity while significantly strengthening data security. Perhaps most importantly, by ensuring data sovereignty within Australia, it adheres to local data protection regulations.

If you want to review the details of these security practices, or if your IT department wants to dig deeper into the details, [this document](https://www.info360.com/Innovyze%20Security%20Overview.pdf) provides a good overview of Info360’s enterprise-grade data security.

## Bi-directional Info360 and ArcGIS Online integration

Earlier this year, we announced the first availability of our [Info360 and Esri ArcGIS Online integration](https://blogs.autodesk.com/innovyze/2023/02/27/new-in-info360-asset-arcgis-online-integration-risk-scenario-publishing-and-a-decision-tree-upgrade/), where our mutual customers can connect Info360 applications, including Info360 Asset, directly to [ArcGIS Online](https://www.esri.com/en-us/arcgis/products/arcgis-online/overview) through a built-in integration. This initial connection allows you to use your GIS data within an Info360 application, without the need to export from your GIS or duplicate data.

We’ve built on this integration to extend the workflow back to ArcGIS Online, offering you two-way data exchange capability. The two-way integration between all Info360 applications (including Info360 Asset) and ArcGIS Online enables customers to seamlessly exchange data between the two platforms. You can utilise GIS data from ArcGIS Online within the analysis processes of Info360 Asset and push the results back to ArcGIS Online for collaboration and visualization through webmaps and customized dashboards. Some examples of layers you can publish to ArcGIS right now include risk results and rehabilitation recommendations.

This two-way integration works for all Info360 products.

## Risk analysis and rehab planning now available for water distribution assets

Last year, [we announced](https://blogs.autodesk.com/innovyze/2022/11/17/new-in-info360-asset-new-water-distribution-assets-and-scenarios-for-risk-mo/) Info360 Asset’s support of water distribution networks, valves, tanks, boreholes, fittings, and treatment works, for visualization on the network and a wide range of water distribution asset types, including pipes, hydrants, meters, pumps, and more. Now, we’ve expanded the ways for you to perform risk analysis and rehab planning for your water distribution network assets.

This means it is now possible to create risk models and rehabilitation decision trees for water distribution assets. By selecting Water Distribution as the System Type, you can create risk models based on asset attributes, spatial proximity, and custom tables; as well as rehabilitation decision trees based on asset attributes, risk scores, and custom tables.

There are two new types of risk models available for water distribution assets: custom tables and spatial models. With custom tables, you can evaluate the custom data associated with an asset – such as the grade of the soil that a pipe lays in, for example. A spatial model ties into your imported GIS model and allows you to set a score for the proximity of an asset to a defined source – like the proximity of a pipe to a river, for example.

All of these risk models can be plotted on the application’s base map where you can view your custom tables and spatial models as layers. This offers a more comprehensive view of your water distribution asset data.

## Data charting for inspections and condition assessment

Another exciting update to Info360 Asset is the improved visualization of inspection and condition assessments with the addition of data charting. Now, you can view a bar chart of inspections by status and drill down to visually see which inspections are available for review, how many have been reviewed, approved, rejected, etc. You can also view condition asset data visuals to determine problematic patterns based on your data inputs and quickly understand which assets need intervention. Drill into the data to see the year a pipe was installed, what materials it is made of, or the last time it was inspected.

Risk trends are also now available in a plotted graph format, so you can see how the condition of an asset has changed over time. Info360 Asset has always supported a view of condition data as a data log. The new charting feature gives a full picture view of trends over time.

## Get started with this new update

For more detailed information on getting started using these new features, visit the [What’s New](https://help.autodesk.com/view/INF360A/ENU/?guid=GUID-61EAE6A4-73FE-4D63-85AF-62368F9A212D) section of our Help documentation.

If you have feedback on these new features or suggestions for future releases, join our new [Innovyze Feedback Portal](https://innovyzefeedback.autodesk.com), an interactive platform designed specifically for you to share your innovative ideas, provide suggestions, and engage in meaningful discussions with fellow water professionals about the future direction of our products. And as always, follow along on our [Public Roadmap](https://blogs.autodesk.com/innovyze/2023/03/21/public-roadmap-for-autodesks-water-solutions-now-includes-both-desktop-and-cloud-products/) for more exciting updates to come.
