---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-ce15dcae30cb4701b53ed2770d2869fb.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-ce15dcae30cb4701b53ed2770d2869fb.html"
title: "HSMWorks | CAM Software Embedded In SOLIDWORKS | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "beautifulsoup_fallback"
raw_char_count: 361809
cleaned_char_count: 2381
---

# HSMWorks | CAM Software Embedded In SOLIDWORKS | Autodesk

## What is HSMWorks?

Design and generate CAM toolpaths without the hassle of changing software. Reduce cycle time and rework with CAD-embedded 2.5- to 5-axis milling, turning, and mill-turn capabilities. HSMWorks is included with your Fusion 360 subscription.

[See system requirements](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/autodesk-hsm/troubleshooting/caas/sfdcarticles/sfdcarticles/System-Requirements-for-HSMWorks.html)

HSMWorks overview video (1:50 min.)

## What you can do with HSMWorks

### Integrate CAD and CAM

Work in a familiar interface connected to powerful design tools, thanks to full integration with SOLIDWORKS. (video: 55 sec.)

### 2.5- and 3-axis milling

Maximize productivity with a full suite of 2.5- and 3-axis milling strategies. (video: 1:25 min.)

### 3+2 and simultaneous 5-axis

Shorten the time it takes to set up machines and tighten feature tolerances with simple-to-use multi-axis programming. (video: 1:59 min.)

## Frequently asked questions (FAQs)

Autodesk HSMWorks is embedded CAM for SOLIDWORKS and provides an integrated workflow from designing to CNC manufacturing. It is used for 2.5- to 5-axis milling, turning, and mill-turn, which allows for shorter milling times while extending tool life.

Autodesk HSMWorks is CAM software used by manufacturers to create program instructions for computers to control a CNC machine.

Your HSMWorks subscription gives you access to install and use the 3 previous versions. Available downloads are listed in your [Autodesk Account](http://profile.autodesk.com/) after subscribing. See also [previous releases available for subscribers](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/customer-service/account-management/users-software/previous-versions/eligible-previous-version-subscription) .

With a subscription to HSMWorks software, you can install it on up to 3 computers or other devices. However, only the named user can sign in and use that software on a single computer at any given time. Please refer to the [Software License Agreement](https://www.autodesk.com/company/terms-of-use/en/general-terms) for more information.

HSMWorks is available only with a subscription to Fusion 360. The price of an annual Fusion 360 subscription is and the price of a monthly Fusion 360 subscription is . The price of a 3-year Fusion 360 subscription is .
