---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-14354e21c44b434ca9d0d30eb118d00c.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-14354e21c44b434ca9d0d30eb118d00c.html"
title: "Info360 Insight Features | 2024 Features | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 206671
cleaned_char_count: 11098
---

# Info360 Insight Features | 2024 Features | Autodesk

Experience designed workflows that let you quickly identify incidents in your system, check multiple resolution scenarios, and apply recommended actions to rapidly resolve system failures.

Assess effects of and responses to outage scenarios to make better-informed decisions

Rapidly identify affected customers with a timeline view of activities for resolving the incident

Minimize water loss, non-revenue water, and energy usage with purpose-built KPIs

Visualize live and historical performance data with advanced graphical and tabular reporting tools

Get real-time awareness of system anomalies on raw readings and statistically derived data

Connect any SCADA and IoT data to modeling, simulation, and analytics tools

Use unified incident dashboards for easy operator handoff. Get an at-a-glance view for stakeholders

Track activities for customer complaints, sensor alarms, and investigations in an organized timeline

More easily update and calibrate models using a real-time integration with SCADA and IoT systems

Use a fully managed SaaS platform on AWS, purpose-built to help water utilities exceed expectations

Tie together analytics and modeling, fed by direct data connections, with integrated workflows

Be ready for growth with a scalable, elastic system built on AWS and cloud-native architecture

NEW

Template analytics

Create customizable templates for simple and complex custom analytics. Template libraries make it easy to share insights internally or with engineering service providers, streamlining data sharing and increasing collaboration. By scaling expertise and analysis, you can improve efficiency and deliver unique insights. (video: 38 sec.)

NEW

Inflow and infiltration wastewater analytics

Inflow and infiltration (I&I) wastewater analytics can help you understand wastewater network performance and minimize I&I. Using analytic toolsets on SCADA and IoT monitors, you can find areas where I&I are highest and focus maintenance, inspection, and capital planning activities accordingly. (video: 49 sec.)

ENHANCED

Pump performance analytics

The pump performance toolset now supports booster pumps, letting you assess performance relative to manufacturer specifications. Configure input suction pressures and add fixed corrections for physical offsets of pump sensors. Enhanced pump performance charts include visualization of all major pump performance metrics. (video: 29 sec.)

NEW

Connecting to ArcGIS Online

Connect to ArcGIS Online to bring spatial layers and asset geometry into Info360 Insight, integrating geospatial data with analysis and visualization tools. Admin users can quickly set up integration with ArcGIS user credentials. Integrating makes data exporting unnecessary, improving data management accuracy. (video: 23 sec.)

NEW

Candlestick charts

Tank and reservoir analysis now includes candlestick charts, providing a visual of sensor data movements over time and identifying tank and reservoir data trends. Each candle represents opening, closing, high, and low values of the specified period, letting users make informed decisions (video: 26 sec.)

NEW

Compliance-ready reports

With the compliance-ready data export tools and reports feature, automatically integrate data from multiple sources, including SCADA, LIMS, Billing, and IoT. Apply real-time data analytics to incoming data streams, reducing manual processing and eliminating spreadsheets. Streamline compliance reporting and minimize time-consuming tasks. (video: 21 sec.)

NEW

Interactive schematic views

View network facilities in context by uploading current P&IDs, design drawings, and other diagrams, and defining your own. Interact with uploaded diagrams and drag and drop to easily tag each facility and diagram with associated live data and analytics for further discovery. (video: 42 sec.)

ENHANCED

More statistics for custom analytics

Additional statistic functions are now added to analytics, including improved error handling for easier troubleshooting when validating analytics, the ability to move rate of change calculations with user-specified data points, and a function to compare current to historical data for specified periods. (video: 44 sec.)

ENHANCED

User inputted GIS spatial data

Info360 Insight continues building on its tools to incorporate and integrate with a variety of GIS data streams. Ingest asset data, ancillary GIS data, service areas, or integrations with predefined ESRI feature services, enabling accurate spatial views within dashboards and user workspaces. (video: 24 sec.)

ENHANCED

Global date range setting

Users can now set a global date range for all components within a workspace, simplifying the task of configuring and managing the date range for each component separately. View any data set, at any interval, at any time with ease and consistency. (video: 30 sec.)

NEW

Facility image uploader

Users can now set a global date range for all components within a workspace, simplifying the task of configuring and managing the date range for each component separately. View any data set, at any interval, at any time with ease and consistency. (video: 41 sec.)

ENHANCED

OPC-UA connection for SCADA integration

The Info360 Insight data connector now supports OPC UA protocol and direct interfacing with OSI PI historians. Simplify integration and configuration with existing SCADA systems and data historians, reducing the time to deployment for users accessing data from multiple sources.

Enhanced data configuration tools

Data upload has been enhanced to allow for streamlined drag and drop of static and flat file data sets, such as .csv files, with data scrubbing functionality to clean data and ensure it is analytic- and business intelligence-ready. (video: 1:31 min.)

User-built custom analytics

You can now create and build custom analytics to incorporate utility- and organizational-specific analytics, enabling additional analysis beyond the extensive library of pre-built tools and analytics. (video: 1:43 min.)

Report on customer impact

Directly identify the number of customers affected by a network incident through built-in simulation tools employing your water model. Understand the impact of the disrupted or offline asset and determine the best resolution scenario based on relative impact to your customer base. (video: 58 sec.)

Link to work management tools

Generate activities to manage complaints, events, and operator notes. Trace affected customers and track timelines to resolution within your incident management workflow, while linking back to your existing work management tools. (video: 30 sec.)

Integrated map views

With integrated map views, get contextual awareness by interacting directly with alerts geospatially on your map. Use an informative properties panel of associated asset data and run location searches with comprehensive assets, sensors, and live alerts, while linking from sensor to plot data within your map. (video: 35 sec.)

Optimize an action plan

Get activity tracking for customer complaints, sensor alarms, and investigations in an organized incident timeline view. Optimize an action plan by modifying outage scenarios, and compare multiple simulations. Stay informed using your incident timeline and map views, built-in dashboards, and user-built workspaces. (video: 59 sec.)

Enhanced visualizations in workspaces

Expanded visualization tools enable users to view more comparative analytics within a single dashlet for scenarios such as zonal volume, lift station volume, pump run time, and pressure release valve comparisons.

Pump performance analysis

Save time and streamline pump performance analysis with enhancements to analytics and visualization. Enhancements include variable speed pumps with multiple manufacturers’ curves, before and after pump maintenance analysis, and a full view of multiple pump curves and clusters.

Simulation and impact assessment

Use simulation generation to assess impact and what-if scenarios for outage management. Access tracing tools to quickly identify affected customers. The timeline view of all activities associated with resolving the incident provides a common operating picture.

Mapping engine enhancements

The powerful mapping engine now includes sewer networks, letting users view and interact with sewer network assets for sewer network analysis. You can also upload and view GIS data sets. Other enhancements include data visualization from within the map view and custom map styling options.

Workspace date range setting

You can now change the date range for your entire workspace by enabling the workspace date range for each respective workspace, syncing all visuals to a user-selected time range.

Pump runtime chart

Add a pump runtime chart with purpose-built calculations to your workspace to quickly view the amount of time a single pump or multiple pumps have been running within a given time range.

Create an incident from a map pin

Drop and place a location pin on your map to create an incident directly from the map, adding to the multiple ways to generate an incident within the incident management toolset.

Incident management workflows

Rapidly identify affected customers with a timeline view of all activities associated with resolving the incident. Manage customer complaints, associated events, and operator notes. Trace affected customers and track timelines to minimize impact and effectively communicate with customers during an incident event.

Advanced analytics and KPIs

Use purpose-built KPIs for all stakeholders within a water organization to minimize water loss, non-revenue water usage, and energy usage. Improve situational awareness, optimize responses, and minimize customer impact with water-specific data processing and business intelligence tools.

Customizable workspaces

Visualize live and historical performance data with advanced graphical and tabular reporting tools, configurable to the needs of the user, to inform operational and network performance decision-making. Designed to be used daily, workspaces include mapping, geospatially located sensors, alert summaries, and rich data visualization.

24-7 event monitoring and alerts

Get real-time awareness of system anomalies on raw readings and statistically derived data. Within a single workflow, you can use the incident management toolset to apply sophisticated, easy-to-use analytics. Rapidly respond and scenario plan to mitigate impacts associated with the detected event.

SCADA and IoT integration

Connect any SCADA and IoT data to modeling, simulation, and analytics tools. Design workflows fed by direct data connections and monitoring with automated ingest and scrubbing.

Integration with hydraulic models

Update and calibrate hydraulic models more easily through a real-time integration with SCADA and IoT systems. Enjoy a foundation for integrated workflows that tie together analytics and modeling, connecting planning, operations, field crews, management, and executive teams across your organization.
