---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-5323c1669fb4437f922e815859caee9b.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-5323c1669fb4437f922e815859caee9b.html"
title: "Configure & Start Autodesk License Server | Administrator Installation"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
document_language: "en"
document_language_name: "English"
document_language_confidence: 1.0
heading_count: 12
subheading_count: 11
headings: "h1: Configure & Start Autodesk License Server | Administrator Installation | h2: Create a debug log file | h2: Configure the license server | h3: To configure a Windows server | h3: To configure a macOS or Linux server | h2: Start the license server | h3: To start the license server on Windows | h3: To start the license server on macOS or Linux | h2: Confirm that the license server is running | h3: To confirm in Windows | h3: To confirm in macOS | h3: To confirm in Linux"
subheadings: "Create a debug log file | Configure the license server | To configure a Windows server | To configure a macOS or Linux server | Start the license server | To start the license server on Windows | To start the license server on macOS or Linux | Confirm that the license server is running | To confirm in Windows | To confirm in macOS | To confirm in Linux"
raw_char_count: 132797
cleaned_char_count: 4636
tfidf_keyword_count: 12
tfidf_keywords: "server | license | license server | file | flexnetserver | macos | start | log | license file | lmtools | lmtools utility | linux"
---

# Configure & Start Autodesk License Server | Administrator Installation

Create a debug log file, configure your network license server, start it, and confirm that it's running.

## Create a debug log file

Debug log files contain Network License Manager (NLM) history that you can review to troubleshoot problems with your license servers.

- Create a subfolder named Logs under the folder in which you installed NLM.
- Use a text editor to create a text file in the Logs subfolder.
- Give the text file any name you like, but be sure to change the filename extension from
*.txt*to*.log*.

## Configure the license server

Configuration methods differ according to your operating system. For Windows network servers, use the LMTOOLS utility provided with Network License Manager (NLM).

### To configure a Windows server

- Open the LMTOOLS utility. In Windows, click Start > Autodesk > LMTOOLS Utility.
- From the Service/License File tab, verify that the Configuration Using Services option is selected.
- Select the checkbox LMTOOLS Ignores License File Path Environment Variables.
- From the Config Services tab, use the Service Name drop-down menu to specify a name.
- Specify paths for these three files:
- Path to the lmgrd.exe file: Browse to select the file in your NLM folder.
- Path to the license file: Browse to select the license file you obtained from Autodesk.
- Path to the debug log file: Browse to select the debug log file you created earlier.
**Note:**Be sure that users and services have write access to the debug log file or folder.

- Select Use Services. Then select Start Server At Power Up. This setting ensures that the license server starts automatically after maintenance or a power outage.
- Click Save Service and confirm.

### To configure a macOS or Linux server

- Save your license
*.lic*file to the desktop. - Move the license file from the desktop to this hidden folder:
- For macOS:
*/usr/local/flexnetserver* - For Linux:
*/opt/flexnetserver*

- For macOS:

**Note:** For details about setting up NLM for macOS, see [How to set up the Autodesk Network License Manager on a Mac](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/search-result/caas/sfdcarticles/sfdcarticles/How-to-set-up-a-Network-License-Server-Manager-on-Mac.html). For Linux, see [How to set up the Autodesk Network License Manager on Linux](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/maya/learn-explore/caas/sfdcarticles/sfdcarticles/How-to-set-up-a-Network-License-Server-Manager-on-Linux.html).

## Start the license server

After configuration, you can start the license server.

### To start the license server on Windows

Use the LMTOOLS utility:

- From the Start/Stop/Reread tab, verify that the correct server name is highlighted. Then click Start Server.
- Verify that the license server has started (within 30 seconds). You should see the message "Server Start Successful" at the bottom of the dialog.

### To start the license server on macOS or Linux

Use Terminal:

- To get to the directory, enter the following commands:
- For macOS:
**cd /usr/local/flexnetserver** - For Linux:
**cd /opt/flexnetserver**

- For macOS:
- To list the directory contents, enter this command:
**ls**

- To start the license server, enter this command:
- For macOS:
**sudo ./lmgrd -c /usr/local/flexnetserver/adsk_server.lic -l/usr/local/flexnetserver/adsk_serverLog.log** - For Linux:
**sudo ./lmgrd -c /opt/flexnetserver/adsk_server.lic -l/opt/adsk_serverLog.log**

- For macOS:

## Confirm that the license server is running

### To confirm in Windows

- From the Server Status tab of the LMTOOLS utility, click Perform Status Enquiry.
- When you see information in the status window, scroll down and verify that:
- The license server is running the latest version. Check the line that reads something like:
**YourServerName: license server UP (MASTER) v 11.16.2** - The license server has successfully read the license file and found no errors. You should see a line that reads something like:
**Adskflex: UP v11.16.2**

- The license server is running the latest version. Check the line that reads something like:
- If you don’t see these two lines, the license server didn’t start correctly. Recheck your work to get and configure the license file.

### To confirm in macOS

- In Terminal, enter this command:
**sudo ./lmutil lmstat -a -c /usr/local/flexnetserver/adsk_server.lic**

### To confirm in Linux

- Enter the following command:
**sudo ./lmutil lmstat -c @localhost -a**

**Note:** If you get a message that the server has not started, use the Activity Monitor to find and stop the lmgrd process. You can then restart the license server.
