---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-19adfae0503c458c96ff560eb3d846d9.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-19adfae0503c458c96ff560eb3d846d9.html"
title: "Uninstall deployed products | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 134231
cleaned_char_count: 5366
---

# Uninstall deployed products | Autodesk

To uninstall deployed products, first create an uninstall script that can be used for either an Application or Package model deployment. Then, if you have an Application model deployment, you create a Configuration Manager uninstall application that can also be used for a hybrid deployment. For a Package model deployment, you create a Configuration Manager uninstall package.

## Create the uninstall script for an Application or Package model deployment

- Navigate to the folder containing the administrative image for the product you want to uninstall.
- Copy the Install <deployment name>.bat file.
- Rename the copy to Uninstall.bat
- Open Uninstall.bat and remove all but the last line.
- Activate the uninstall command (the last line of the script) by removing rem. The uninstall command has these components:
- A call to
*Installer.exe*in the image folder. - "-i uninstall" specifies the uninstall workflow.
- "-q" uninstalls silently.
- "-m" specifies the manifest file used to determine which products to uninstall.

- A call to
- Save the uninstall script file.

## Create the uninstall application for an Application model deployment

- Navigate to your product application in Configuration Manager.
- Click the product application, then right-click and select properties.
- Click Deployment Types.
- Select the deployment type for the product and click Edit.
- Click the Programs tab.
- Under Specify The Command To Uninstall This Application, click Browse (next to Uninstall Program).
- Select Show All Files, and then select the Uninstall.bat file you created.
- Click OK until the wizard finishes.

## Create the uninstall package for a Package model deployment

After following these steps to create the uninstall package, you can distribute and deploy it like any other package. Make sure that the product to be uninstalled isn't set to Install Required to the same devices at the same time. This setting would reinstall the products to the same workstations. Tip: If you select the Required deployment option for the product uninstall package, the uninstall script runs automatically and uninstalls the Autodesk products on all machines in the selected device collection.

- Navigate to
*\Software Library\Overview\Application Management\<your packages>.* - Select Create Package.
- Enter the required information. Note: For the option, This Package Contains The Source Files, navigate to and select the product uninstall folder you created in the shared network location.
- Click Next, select Standard Program, and then click Next again.
- Enter options for Standard Program:
- Name. The name of the uninstall package.
- Command line. Navigate to the Uninstall.bat file you created.
- Run. Select whether or not you want
*Uninstall.bat*to run hidden. - Run mode. Recommended: Select Run With Administrative Rights.

- Click Next to Requirements.
- Choose whether to run another program first.
- Indicate whether the uninstall runs only on certain platforms.

- Click Next to confirm settings and finish the wizard.

## Uninstall a product update package

After following these steps to create the uninstall package for a product update, you can distribute and deploy it as any other package. Make sure that the update to be uninstalled isn't set to Install Required to the same devices at the same time. This setting would reinstall the updates to the same workstations.

Tip: If you select the Required deployment option for the product update uninstall package, the uninstall script runs automatically and uninstalls the Autodesk products on all machines in the selected device collection.

Important: Push the update uninstall package to client machines only when they aren't being used. Otherwise, the push may fail. Use this Configuration Manager setting under Logon Requirement on the User Experience page: Only When No User Is Logged On.

- Create a folder in the shared network location to use for the update uninstall script. Tip: Give the folder a descriptive name, such as update-name-uninstall.
- Open the new folder and add the executable update you want to uninstall.
- Right-click and select Create New Text File.
- Open the new text file and enter the update name followed by the parameters you want to use. This AutoCAD example uninstalls the update silently, with no user interaction:
AutoCAD_2019.0.1_Update_64bit.exe /uninstall /quiet

- Select Save As using the All Files (*.*) file type; Use a descriptive filename with the .cmd filename extension.
- Create a package in Configuration Manager, entering the package information and pointing to the network folder with the update uninstall script.
- Click Next to Standard Package and then click Next again.
- Enter options:
- Name. The name of the uninstall package.
- Command line. Navigate to the product uninstall folder you created, select all files, and then select the .cmd file you created.
- Run. Select whether you want the uninstall script to run hidden.
- Program can run. Indicate whether the uninstall script can run even if the user isn't signed in.
- Run mode. Recommended: Select Run With Administrative Rights.

- Click Next to Requirements:
- Choose whether to run another program first.
- Indicate whether the uninstall will only run on certain platforms.

- Click Next to confirm settings and finish the wizard.
