---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-92465385510e4bbe8b504ecc508c275d.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-92465385510e4bbe8b504ecc508c275d.html"
title: "Export Compliance & Codes of Conduct | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 111520
cleaned_char_count: 4536
---

# Export Compliance & Codes of Conduct | Autodesk

### Export Compliance

It is the policy of Autodesk, Inc., to comply fully with all applicable export laws and regulations including those of the United States. As part of this policy, Autodesk is providing this site as a service to our partners and customers. Please note that this site is intended as a source of information only and is not to be considered a source of legal guidance or advice.

Before considering the export of an Autodesk® product, customers should also review the License Agreement and associated Terms of Use for the products, which include trade compliance provisions.

#### Laws and Regulations

Autodesk® products and technology should be treated as U.S. origin. Therefore, the export or re-export of these products, or transfer of these technologies, is subject to the export laws and regulations of the United States and may also be subject to the regulations of other countries depending on the scope of your transaction. The primary agencies that administer and enforce the U.S. laws and regulations are the [Bureau of Industry and Security](https://www.bis.doc.gov/) and the [Office of Foreign Assets Control](https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Pages/default.aspx).

The scope of the U.S. export laws and regulations primarily includes:

- The export of U.S. products or technology from the United States
- The transfer of U.S. products or technology outside of the United States
- The transfer of non-U.S. products or technology that incorporate certain U.S. content

#### Licensing

An export license is required before proceeding with a transaction that involves embargoed or restricted countries, denied parties, or certain restricted end-uses, including certain nuclear, missile/launch vehicle/UAV, chemical and biological weapons end-uses, and for some countries, military intelligence and military end-uses/end-users.

#### Compliance Procedures

There are a number of issues to consider when exporting, but the basic export compliance procedure for a transaction involving Autodesk products or technology is as follows:

- Obtain the ECCN of the product or technology and determine which export restrictions apply. ECCNs for current Autodesk products can be found
[here](https://damassets.autodesk.net/content/dam/autodesk/www/pdfs/adsk-eccn-external-master-11.01.2023.pdf). If you do not see the product you are looking for listed, you may send an email request to[export@autodesk.com](mailto:export@autodesk.com). If you have encountered an error message regarding Standard Export Screening in conjunction with the download or use of Autodesk products and would like assistance, please navigate here:[https://knowledge.autodesk.com/contact-support](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/contact-support)to open a support case. - Screen all parties involved against the latest denial lists.
- Determine if any of the parties are involved in denied activities relating to the design, development, production, stockpiling, or use of weapons of mass destruction or other restricted end-uses (see Part 744 of the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, which can be accessed here:
[https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-15/subtitle-B/chapter-VII/subchapter-C](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-15/subtitle-B/chapter-VII/subchapter-C)

#### Denial Lists

To obtain the latest denial list information, such as the latest updates of the Denied Persons List or the Entity List, please contact the Bureau of Industry and Security. For information about the latest update of the Specially Designated Nationals List, please contact the Office of Foreign Assets Control. You should contact both agencies for information on the embargoed countries.

**Bureau of Industry and Security:**
202-482-4811 (Washington D.C.)
949-660-0144 (Newport Beach, CA)

**Office of Foreign Assets Control:**
202-622-2490 (Washington D.C.)

#### Weapons of Mass Destruction and Other Denied End Uses

#### Export Counseling

*Autodesk provides this site for your reference only. While Autodesk attempts to keep the information on this site accurate, current, and complete, Autodesk makes no warranty or representation that the information contained herein is accurate, current, or complete. It is your obligation to comply with the requirements of U.S. and any other applicable export laws and regulations. Before exporting or re-exporting any Autodesk product or technology, you should consult your trade compliance counsel, consultant or company compliance function.*
