---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-fc66e89e4d7d4b698488c2e275bc6ba4.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-fc66e89e4d7d4b698488c2e275bc6ba4.html"
title: "Create AutoCAD for Mac deployments | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
document_language: "en"
document_language_name: "English"
document_language_confidence: 1.0
heading_count: 1
subheading_count: 0
headings: "h1: Create AutoCAD for Mac deployments | Autodesk"
subheadings: ""
raw_char_count: 128700
cleaned_char_count: 3661
tfidf_keyword_count: 12
tfidf_keywords: "autocad | autocad 2023 | contents | dmg | mac | activate | install | autocad mac | releases | deploy | 2023 autocad | mount"
---

# Create AutoCAD for Mac deployments | Autodesk

You can create custom deployments of 2021 and later releases of AutoCAD for Mac and AutoCAD LT for Mac. (Deployment support isn't provided for 2020 and earlier releases of those products.) Follow these steps and examples to install and activate AutoCAD, install updates and hotfixes, and deploy standard configuration files.

**Install AutoCAD**

- Copy the AutoCAD for Mac or AutoCAD LT for Mac .
*dmg*installerfile to client machines*.* - Run Terminal scripts to mount the .
*dmg*disk and install AutoCAD. Here's a sample script for installing AutoCAD 2023:

// Mount dmg disk hdiutil attach -nobrowse ~/Downloads/Autodesk_AutoCAD_2023_macOS.dmg // Install AutoCAD 2023 sudo /Volumes/Installer/Install\ Autodesk\ AutoCAD\ 2023\ for\ Mac.app/Contents/Helper/Setup.app/Contents/MacOS/Setup --silent

**Activate AutoCAD**

Use the AdskLicensingInstHelper, which is installed with AutoCAD, to activate AutoCAD. To learn more about AdskLicensingInstHelper, see the [Autodesk Licensing Installer Helper tool guide](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/autocad/troubleshooting/caas/sfdcarticles/sfdcarticles/Use-Installer-Helper.html). Here are some examples:

// Activate AutoCAD 2023 with single type network license server /Library/Application\ Support/Autodesk/AdskLicensing/Current/helper/AdskLicensingInstHelper change --prod_key 777O1 --prod_ver 2023.0.0.F --lic_method NETWORK --lic_server_type SINGLE --lic_servers <server_name> // Activate AutoCAD 2023 with USER license(requires sign-in to activate) /Library/Application\ Support/Autodesk/AdskLicensing/Current/helper/AdskLicensingInstHelper change --prod_key 777O1 --prod_ver 2023.0.0.F --lic_method USER // Check AdskLicensingInstHelper help /Library/Application\ Support/Autodesk/AdskLicensing/Current/helper/AdskLicensingInstHelper --help

**Note**: You can [look up the product keys](https://www.autodesk.com/support/download-install/admins/product-key-code/look-up-product-keys) for different releases of AutoCAD for Mac and AutoCAD LT for Mac.

**Install an update or hotfix (2022 and later AutoCAD releases)**

You can use a script to install an AutoCAD update or hotfix. Here's an example:

// Mount dmg disk hdiutil attach -nobrowse ~/Downloads/AutoCAD_Mac_2023.0.1_Hotfix_Combo.dmg // Install AutoCAD 2023.0.1 hotfix sudo installer -pkg /Volumes/T054.M.013.acad.mac.x64.comboupdate/AutoCAD_Mac_2023.0.1_Hotfix_Combo.pkg -target /

**Deploy standard configuration files (2023 and later AutoCAD releases)**

You can deploy standard configuration files with the AdMigrator tool.

// First, set up the standard configurations on an installed AutoCAD. Then export the configurations with this script: /Applications/Autodesk/AutoCAD\ 2023/AutoCAD\ 2023.app/Contents/Helpers/AdMigrator.app/Contents/MacOS/AdMigrator -e -d ~/Documents/config.tar //Copy the config.tar to client machines. Then import .dwt templates, plot styles, shx fonts and hkcu.plist from the config.tar to AutoCAD on the client machines: /Applications/Autodesk/AutoCAD\ 2023/AutoCAD\ 2023.app/Contents/Helpers/AdMigrator.app/Contents/MacOS/AdMigrator -i template plot shx profile -s ~/Downloads/config.tar // Check AdskLicensingInstHelper help for more usages: /Applications/Autodesk/AutoCAD\ 2023/AutoCAD\ 2023.app/Contents/Helpers/AdMigrator.app/Contents/MacOS/AdMigrator -h

**Note**: To deploy the shx fonts, you must first copy the .*shx* font files to the folder below before exporting the configurations. If the .*shx *fonts are added inside the AutoCAD app, they won't be exported.

~/Library/Application\ Support/Autodesk/AutoCAD\ 2023/R24.2/roaming/@en@/Support/SHXFont/
