---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-3b7c51ccb2ab4e6bb718898cd44c804f.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-3b7c51ccb2ab4e6bb718898cd44c804f.html"
title: "Trade in Your Perpetual License | Global Promotions | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 441965
cleaned_char_count: 6489
---

# Trade in Your Perpetual License | Global Promotions | Autodesk

Autodesk perpetual trade-in (1:26 min.)

For a limited time, you can save 20% on the suggested retail price of an eligible 3-year term subscription. No need to worry about price changes. The amount you pay today is locked in for the full 3-year period. Alternatively, you can save 15% on a 1-year term subscription. To claim this offer, an eligible serial number and corresponding perpetual license must be traded in. For a serial number and its associated seats to be eligible, they must be on a perpetual license released between 1998 and 2021 that is not on a maintenance plan.

With an Autodesk subscription, you’ll have the tools and support needed to get more done from wherever you’re working.

For a limited time, you can **save 25%** on the suggested retail price of an eligible 3-year term subscription. No need to worry about price changes. The amount you pay today is locked in for the full 3-year period.

Alternatively, you can save 20% on a 1-year term subscription.

To claim this offer, an eligible serial number and corresponding perpetual license must be traded in. For a serial number and its associated seats to be eligible, they must be on a perpetual license released between 1998 and 2021 that is not on a maintenance plan.

Autodesk Industry Collections provide a comprehensive software package, including an invaluable set of integrated tools, all at one great price. Users with multiple Autodesk products should consider the value of an industry collection.

Call us at [1-844-592-0028](/campaigns/_tel_1-844-592-0028) or fill in your contact information and we will get back to you.

**Thank you for your interest!** A product sales expert will contact you shortly.

For more information, check out the [FAQs](/campaigns/trade-in-perpetual/terms-and-conditions).

| How do I get the offer? |

Simply submit your qualifying old perpetual license(s) serial number(s) and purchase a new subscription to any eligible collection or individual product [through the Autodesk website](/products), by calling us toll-free at [1-844-592-0028](/campaigns/_tel_18445920028)[participating reseller](/partners/locate-a-reseller).

Once you submit your perpetual license(s), and complete your purchase for a new eligible subscription, you agree to discontinue use of the traded-in license(s).

| How long does the offer last? |

The offer is available from November 7, 2020 until January 22, 2021 in the United States, Canada and Latin America. Some products and conditions vary per region.

| Which products qualify for the offer? |

Most Autodesk perpetual licenses of 1998 through 2021 version product, not on an active maintenance plan qualify to get the offer discount.

When you trade-in your qualifying perpetual license(s) serial number(s), you can get the offer discount on most Autodesk product subscriptions including Industry Collections, AutoCAD, Revit, Inventor, 3ds Max, Civil 3D, Maya, and much more.

View list of all eligible products and full offer details [here](https://www.autodesk.com/campaigns/trade-in-perpetual/terms-and-conditions#appendix).

| Can I get a different product than I have now? |

You do not need to purchase the same product as the old perpetual license. For example, you can trade-in an old, eligible perpetual license of AutoCAD and subscribe to a collection at the promotional price.

| Do I always have to be connected to the internet to use my software? |

No. After initial activation, your software will work offline for 30 days. At that point, you will need to reconnect. Don't worry, we'll remind you 7 days prior.

| Will all of my work go into the cloud? |

Desktop applications and all associated user data are stored on your local machine. When you use cloud service applications, you can choose to either store data in the cloud or on your local machine. You retain all of your local data even if you decide to end your subscription.

| What else can I do with subscription that I don’t have with my old software? |

The subscription offerings provide you greater value and eligible you to:

Our Premium plan is designed to help businesses that manage 50 or more subscriptions operate more efficiently. From single sign-on to 24/7 support, save time and increase security.

For industry collections or qualifying individual products, customers can save up to 20% on the Autodesk Suggested Retail Price (SRP) for eligible 3-year term subscriptions with single-user access, or up to 15% on the SRP for eligible 1-year term subscriptions with single-user access when they trade-in qualifying associated seats of 1998- 2021 perpetual licenses not on an active maintenance plan. Full product lists, details and restrictions at [www.autodesk.com/campaigns/trade-in-perpetual/terms-and-conditions](https://www.autodesk.com/campaigns/trade-in-perpetual/terms-and-conditions)

Offer available from November 7, 2020 until January 22, 2021 in the United States, Canada and Latin America. Some products and conditions vary per region.

Available from participating resellers and Autodesk Stores only. Reseller prices may vary. Please consult your local Autodesk reseller for further details.

AUTODESK RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL, SUSPEND OR MODIFY PART OF OR THIS ENTIRE OFFER AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE, FOR ANY REASON IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION. PRICES FOR AUTODESK SOFTWARE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND MAY VARY BY COUNTRY. This offer is available for commercial copies only.

All subscription benefits may not be available for all products or services in all languages and/or geographies. Subscription programs are subject to the applicable Autodesk subscription terms and conditions and/or Autodesk Terms of Service.

Autodesk, the Autodesk logo, AutodCAD, AutoCAD LT, 3ds Max, ArtCAM, Civil 3D, FeatureCAM, Fusion, Fusion 360, Infraworks, Inventor, Inventor LT, Maya, Maya LT, MotionBuilder, Navisworks, PowerInspect, PowerMill, PowerShape, Revit, Revit LT, Robot, Showcase, are registered trademarks or trademarks of Autodesk, Inc., and/or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates in the USA and/or other countries. All other brand names, product names, or trademarks belong to their respective holders. Autodesk reserves the right to alter product and services offerings, and specifications and pricing at any time without notice, and is not responsible for typographical or graphical errors that may appear in this document.

© 2020 Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved.
