---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-7daf176068af473ea6723a222f58926f.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-7daf176068af473ea6723a222f58926f.html"
title: "Autodesk Vault"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 78058
cleaned_char_count: 1736
---

# Autodesk Vault

Whether you’re among the many who have relied on Autodesk Vault for years, or just getting started, this post will show you what’s new in Vault 2024.2 to help you accelerate your overall design and data management experience. If you missed our previous Vault release posts this year, you can see them here: [Vault 2024](https://blogs.autodesk.com/vault/2023/03/autodesk-vault-2024-whats-new/) and [Vault 2024.1](https://blogs.autodesk.com/vault/2023/07/autodesk-vault-2024-1-whats-new/).

Upchain is a cloud data management solution in the Autodesk [product lifecycle management](https://www.autodesk.com/solutions/plm-product-lifecycle-management) (PLM) portfolio of products. New functionality in Upchain is released in a progressive and ongoing basis. This post summarizes new features and enhancements that were rolled out over the course of several months. Watch the video to see some of the updates in action and read on to learn more about what’s new in Upchain.

When Design and Make professionals need to accelerate time to market, it’s critical to enhance collaboration, establish a single source of truth for product data, and build strong connections among people, processes, and data. That’s where Autodesk Fusion 360 Manage with Upchain comes in.

This powerful cloud data and process management solution creates unique opportunities to speed up product development.

Whether you’re focused on immediate changes to stay competitive, near-term changes to succeed over the next few years, or transformation that can take you into the next decade and beyond, AU 2023 is the learning event of the year for Design and Make professionals. This can’t-miss conference will take place November 13-15 in Las Vegas,
