---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-df964e9372f743b79fd10cec1c688110.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-df964e9372f743b79fd10cec1c688110.html"
title: "Vault Features | 2023, 2024 Features | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 239171
cleaned_char_count: 8387
---

# Vault Features | 2023, 2024 Features | Autodesk

Vault product data management (PDM) software helps you manage your design and engineering data, improve collaboration, and take control of your product development processes.

Manage CAD data in one familiar interface. Autodesk design tools integrate with Vault PDM.

Save time by easily copying designs and reusing, replacing, or copying components.

Enable multiple team members to make concurrent designs from one central location, with safe, simultaneous access to data.

Eliminate the need for object ownership and simplify your replication environment.

Easily manage engineering change orders (ECOs) with an intuitive workflow.

Create and maintain a more accurate and comprehensive manufacturing bill of materials.

Share native files with external collaborators while protecting IP. Review, mark up, and track comments.

Automatically or manually synchronize files from a folder in Vault with a folder in a cloud drive.

Combine properties filtering with geometric search capabilities to improve duplicate search workflows.

Extend the value of your data by integrating PDM with other business systems such as PLM and ERP.

Access and view design data, bill of materials, and change orders using only your web browser and Vault credentials.

Work with design and engineering data anywhere using the Vault client and mobile app with Vault Gateway.

The latest release of Vault PDM software will help accelerate your overall design creation and data management experience.

Copy folder

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Easily start new projects by copying previous project folder structures.

Automated CAD formats for document control

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Automatically publish and manage DXF and STEP files from CAD files within the design release process.

Peer review for lifecycle state transition

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Enforce peer reviews for state changes to facilitate delegation of authority and increase transparency.

Backup and restore enhancements

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Back up your Vault environment with more flexibility. Selectively back up vault and library databases to reduce the time and space required for the backup process.

Inventor design data and template management

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Easily manage and deploy Inventor design data and templates to users directly from Vault.

Thin client enhancements

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Improve productivity and efficiency with the ability to easily expand or collapse rows in a tree view on the file and items details page.

Direct CAD integration

VAULT PROFESSIONAL, VAULT BASIC Vault integrates with your CAD software using an add-in. Use Vault to manage design and engineering data regardless of the file type, including files from Inventor, AutoCAD, Revit, Moldflow, 3ds Max, and other popular software. (video: 2:19 min.)

Data reuse and design automation

VAULT PROFESSIONAL, VAULT BASIC Rather than starting from scratch, use the intelligent search capabilities in Vault to quickly find the file you need and save time by easily copying designs and reusing, replacing, or copying components. (video: 1:18 min.)

Concurrent design

VAULT PROFESSIONAL, VAULT BASIC Allow team members to participate in the design process concurrently on the same project or assembly from one central location with safe, simultaneous access to data. (video: 1:47 min.)

Fast data searching

VAULT PROFESIONAL, VAULT BASIC Find what you need when you need it with advanced intelligent search capabilities, saved searches, and shortcuts.

Easy administration and configuration

VAULT PROFESSIONAL, VAULT BASIC Vault products are easy to deploy and configure. Get the benefits of effective product data management right away.

Engineering change orders

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Easily manage engineering change orders (ECOs) with an intuitive workflow. Vault automatically tracks why, how, and when revisions are made along with comments during the design process to provide a complete history of change orders. (video: 2:20 min.)

BOM management

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Create and maintain a more accurate and comprehensive manufacturing bill of materials. Every time a file with a BOM is assigned an item, a BOM is generated in Vault for that item and BOM details differ depending on what the item represents. (video: 2:41 min.)

Enterprise scalability

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Eliminate the need for object ownership and simplify your replication environment. Set up a Vault environment for multiple, separate locations using the Vault replication process. Users can share files and collaborate efficiently.

Inventor model states and properties

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Use the power and flexibility of Inventor model states and instance properties in Vault to work faster and more efficiently without having to go back to Inventor. (video: 2:04 min.)

AutoCAD and Vault

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Focus on your design tasks while viewing important design data and data management workflows for optimum efficiency. (video: 1:22 min.)

Modern user interface

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Experience a user interface with a modern dark and light look and feel. (video: 1:08 min.)

Lifecycle state colors

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Easily recognize the state of files in the file grid by color.

Duplicate search

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Quickly find duplicates using properties filtering and geometric search capabilities and reduce cost of time wasted looking for files. Improve the quality of your data with duplicates reduction.

Job processor

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Take the burden off CAD user workstations by using the job processor utility to process files.

Vault Gateway

Access Vault data securely when working remotely without the need for a VPN connection. (video: 1:37 min.)

Shared views

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Share native files with external collaborators while protecting IP. Review, mark up, and track comments. (video: 1:31 min.)

Markups

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Collaborate by marking up designs to add and share comments, information, and suggestions for design changes. (video: 1:22 min.)

Inventor read-only mode

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Get more control in how you view Inventor files using Inventor read-only.

Vault PLM

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Combine Vault Professional with Fusion 360 Manage for enterprise-wide collaboration and product lifecycle management.

Enterprise integrations

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Extend the value of your data by integrating PDM with other business systems such as ERP and PLM. Connecting PDM with enterprise systems helps reduce time-consuming manual entry, increases data reuse, and provides valuable business insights.

Project sync

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Automatically or manually synchronize files from a folder in Vault with a folder in a cloud drive.

Product data management

Improve collaboration and design reuse, track revisions, reduce errors, and boost productivity with centralized data management.

New product development

Configure project templates and standardize phase-gate milestones and tasks by product line, team, or role.

Bill of materials (BOM) management

Manage, visualize, and share up-to-date BOM information across your organization in real time.

Change management

Submit, track, and approve change requests and change orders.

Quality management

Automate quality workflows, track and record changes, and analyze quality metrics to prevent issues.

Supplier collaboration

Stay connected 24/7 to your global supply chain with information for quoting, procurement, and supplier management.

Mobile app

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Stay up to date on your projects and collaborate with your team on your mobile phone or tablet while away from your desktop computer. Vault mobile app allows you to take your design data with you onto the shop floor, on-site, or out to meet your customer. (video: 2:48 min.)

Thin client

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Perform read-access tasks and view design data, bill of materials, and change orders using the convenience of a web browser and your Vault credentials. (video: 2:30 min.)

Document management for non-CAD users

VAULT OFFICE Vault Office integrates with Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook.

Project data integration

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Vault PDM integrates with Autodesk Fusion 360 and Autodesk Construction Cloud to sync project data.

PDF creation

VAULT PROFESSIONAL Collaborate without sharing design files by creating 2D PDFs.
