---
source_file: "raw_corpus/adsk-1372ba28d2de4202879ac6fe982b8abf.html"
relative_source_path: "adsk-1372ba28d2de4202879ac6fe982b8abf.html"
title: "Inventor Features | New Features 2024, 2023 | Autodesk"
cleaned_format: "markdown"
extraction_method: "trafilatura"
raw_char_count: 257619
cleaned_char_count: 7255
---

# Inventor Features | New Features 2024, 2023 | Autodesk

Focus on design as you create and edit your 3D models with an intuitive user interface

See how your design will fit and perform at the assembly level

Quickly create clear, accurate, detailed drawings for manufacturing

Collaborate with key stakeholders on your designs from any device

Directly open designs created from other CAD systems with no translation necessary

Read and author Revit data as you participate in BIM projects

Speed your 3D modeling process by rapidly creating new configurations of your designs

Quickly create and simulate 3D models of your weld frame designs

Design and prepare complex sheet metal products for manufacturing

Include manufacturing information in your 3D model for downstream applications

Choose your standard components from a comprehensive customizable library

Create and evaluate high-performing design options in minutes

The latest release of Inventor® 3D CAD software is packed with user-requested updates and enhancements to help manage your design process, speed your connected engineering workflows, and reduce repetitive tasks.

iLogic with Vault

Apply iLogic code directly with Vault to copy files, apply numbering schemes, and check out documents. (video: 1:24 min.)

Finish utility

Use the new finish feature to specify the appearance and manufacturing process such as material coating or surface finish. (video: 3:28 min.)

Mark feature enhancements

Mark across all faces in your path and wrap around curved geometry with new mark feature options. (video: 56 sec.)

Drawing revision cloud

Isolate areas of special interest with the sketch-based revision cloud feature in the drawing environment. (video: 59 sec.)

View setting improvements

Create compelling visual representations of your design with improved view settings, section view enhancements, and IBL environments. (video: 1:24 min.)

Tube and pipe enhancements

Create custom elbows quickly and easily in the tube and pipe styles area. (video: 1:33 min.)

Parameter enhancements

Include hardness and parameter in expanded unit type export with the option to export Boolean values for custom iProperties. (video: 36 sec.)

Optimized bounding box assembly

Automate the orientation and size of bounding boxes for parts with additional angle options in assemblies. (video: 1:38 min.)

Connected inspection workflow

Create an inspection plan of your design by sending your models directly to Fusion 360. (video: 57 sec.)

Weld symbol

Create drawing-associated weld and subweld symbols to be included upon export to 3D PDF, DWF, and Shared Views. (video: 1:29 min.)

Edge symbol

Use the new edge symbol feature with appearance settings based in ISO standards and a properties panel with various customization settings. (video: 1:09 min.)

Model-based definition enhancements

Explore several improvements to model-based definition for your documentation workflows in the 3D environment. (video: 47 sec.)

Parametric modeling

Drive the design intent of your model with sketch constraints, dimensions, and intelligent formulas for parameters. (video: 3:01 min.)

Assembly modeling

Assess the fit and function of your assemblies and check for interferences as you build relationships between components. (video: 2:43 min.)

Drawing creation

Quickly place appropriate views and annotations in your drawings for manufacturing in Inventor or AutoCAD. (video: 3:07 min.)

Shared view collaboration

Share your design with a secure web link that can be accessed from any device to review, redline, and add comments. (video: 2:23 min.)

Work with non-native data

Maintain an associative link as you open 3D models that were created and saved from other CAD applications. (video: 1:57 min.)

BIM interoperability

Create a simplified 3D representation of your product along with the required metadata and product classification for use in a BIM project. (video: 2:27 min.)

Fusion 360 interoperability

Quickly access and launch Inventor-to-Fusion 360 workflows, including generative design, simulation, electronics, and manufacturing. (video: 1:10 min.)

Revit data exchange enhancements

Securely share data between Revit building design software and Inventor using an improved approach for seamless BIM (Building Information Modeling) and MCAD (mechanical CAD) interoperability. (video: 48 sec.)

Documentation enhancements

Get a clearer understanding of your design going into production with updates to view creation, model-based definition, and 3D annotations. (video: 55 sec.)

Design configurations

Apply your engineering knowledge in a customizable form to rapidly configure new designs powered by iLogic. (video: 2 min.)

Automated frame design

Use automated tools to create weld frame structures and simulate them using beam elements. (video: 2:23 min.)

Sheet metal

Build your sheet metal designs with options for industry-standard bend allowances to create accurate flat patterns for manufacturing. (video: 1:42 min.)

Model-based definition

Include 3D dimensions, annotations, and dimensional tolerances directly to your 3D model for downstream applications. (video: 2:10 min.)

Content center

Choose from standard and customizable content libraries, including beams, bolted connections, gears, cams, belts, and springs. (video: 2:15 min.)

Shape Generator

Further optimize your designs with tools that help you find high and low concentrations of stress in your 3D model. (video: 2:16 min.)

Flexible modeling

Use the right modeling tool for every job with parametric, freeform, and direct modeling tools.

Direct modeling

Use easy push/pull controls to move, rotate, resize, or scale features from imported geometries.

Freeform modeling

Freely sculpt the shape of your design by moving points, edges, and faces.

Mechanical concept and layout design

Open DWG™ files directly inside Inventor as the basis for your 3D model.

Component generators and calculators

Use built-in calculators to inform the design of common joints such as welds, clamps, and press fits.

Tube and pipe design

Use a combination of automated tools and full-control design functions in Inventor to build tube and pipe runs.

Part modeling enhancements

Better prepare your designs for manufacturing with the new mark command, updates to sheet metal export, and support for dimensional tolerances in additional features. (video: 55 sec.)

Assembly modeling enhancements

Gain more control of your bill of material and manage tolerances. Enhancements also include performance and productivity improvements for graphics and large assemblies. (video: 54 sec.)

Printed circuit board interoperability

Integrate your electronics and mechanical designs into a single, complete definition of your product.

Data management

Speed up product development with tools that manage data, track revisions, and improve collaboration.

Dynamic simulation

Apply forces to evaluate the motion, speed, and acceleration of your design.

Stress analysis

Run quick checks on parts or perform in-depth analysis of the entire product at any stage.

Exploded views and animations

Use exploded views and animations of complex assemblies in product documentation, manuals, and assembly instructions.
